As I walk through the valley of the shadow of death,
I take a look at my life and realize there's nothin' left.
'Cause I've been blastin' and laughin' so long that
even my mama thinks that my mind is gone.

I ain't never crossed a man that didn't deserve it,
Me be treated like a punk, you know that's unheard of.
You better watch how you talkin', and where you walkin',
or you and your homies might be lined in chalk.

I really hate to trip, but I gotta loc.
As they croak, I see myself in the pistol smoke, fool.
I'm the kind of G the little homies wanna be,
like on my knees in the night, sayin' prayers in the streetlight.

Been spendin' most our lives livin' in a gangsta's paradise.
We've been spending most our lives livin' in a gangsta's paradise.

We keep spendin' most our lives livin' in a gangsta's paradise.
We keep spending most our lives livin' in a gangsta's paradise.

Look at the situation they got me facin',
I can't live a normal life, I was raised by the street.
So I gotta be down with the hood team,
too much television watchin' got me chasin' dreams.

I'm a educated fool with money on my mind.
Got a 10 in my hand and a gleam in my eye.
I'm a loc'ed out gangsta, set trippin' banger.
And my homies is down, so don't arouse my anger, fool.

Death ain't nothin' but a heartbeat away, I'm livin' life do or die, what can I say?
I'm twenty three now, but will I live to see twenty four?
The way things is goin' I don't know.
Tell me why are we so blind to see,
that the ones we hurt are you and me?

Been spendin' most our lives livin' in a gangsta's paradise.
We've been spending most our lives livin' in a gangsta's paradise.

We keep spendin' most our lives livin' in a gangsta's paradise.
We keep spending most our lives livin' in a gangsta's paradise.

Power and the money,
money and the power...
Minute after minute,
hour after hour.
Everybody's runnin', but half of them ain't lookin',
what's goin' on in the kitchen, but I don't know what's cookin'.

They say I gotta learn, but nobody's here to teach me.
If they can't understand it, how can they reach me?
I guess they can't,
I guess they won't,
I guess they front.

That's why I know my life is out of luck, fool.
Been spendin' most our lives livin' in a gangsta's paradise.
We've been spending most our lives livin' in a gangsta's paradise.

We keep spendin' most our lives livin' in a gangsta's paradise.
We keep spending most our lives livin' in a gangsta's paradise.

Why are we so blind to see,
That the ones we hurt are you and me?
Tell me why are we so blind to see,
That the ones we hurt are you and me?