Can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars?
I could really use a wish right now, wish right now, wish right now.
Can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars?
I could really use a wish right now, wish right now, wish right now.

Yeah, I could use a dream or a genie or a wish
to go back to a place much simpler than this.
'Cause after all the partyin' and smashin' and crashin',
and all the glitz and the glam and the fashion,
and all the pandemonium and all the madness,
there comes a time when you fade to the blackness.
And when you starin' at that phone in your lap,
and you're hopin', but them people never call you back.

But that's just how the story unfolds, you get another hand soon after you fold
And when your plans unravel in the sand,
what would you wish for if you had one chance?
So airplane, airplane, sorry I'm late!
I'm on my way so don't close that gate!
If I don't make that, then I'll switch my flight,
and I'll be right back at it 'till the end of the night.

Airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars?
I could really use a wish right now, wish right now, wish right now.
Can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars?
I could really use a wish right now, wish right now, wish right now.

Yeah, somebody take me back to the days before this was a job, before I got paid.
Before it ever mattered what I had in my bank,
yeah, back when I was tryin' to get a tip at Subway.
And back when I was rappin' for the hell of it,
but now-a-days we rappin' to stay relavant.
I'm guessin' that if we can make some wishes out of airplanes,
then maybe, oh maybe I'd go back to the days.

Before the politics that we call the rap game,
and back when ain't nobody listened to my mixtape.
And back before I tried to cover up my slang,
but this is for the haters, what's up Bobby Ray!
So can I get a wish to end the politics, and get back to the music that started it?
So here I stand, and then again I say, I'm hopin' we can make some wishes out of airplanes.

Pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars?
I could really use a wish right now, wish right now, wish right now
Can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars?
I could really use a wish right now, wish right now, wish right now.

Oh, oh oh oh...
Mmm...
Oh, oh...
